Simplify install (#84)
seqeralabs/seqera-kit: README.md

3. [PyYAML](https://pypi.org/project/PyYAML/)

### Conda

You can install `seqerakit` and its dependencies via Conda. Ensure that you have the correct channels configured:

```console
conda config --add channels defaults
conda config --add channels bioconda
conda config --add channels conda-forge
conda config --set channel_priority strict
```

> You can then create a conda environment with `seqerakit` installed like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then create a conda environment with `seqerakit` installed using the following:
```
